Update Payment Flows for Barcode Scanning (#461)
centrapay/centrapay-docs: src/guides/payment-flows.md

1. Customer generates a short-lived [Patron Code][] via Centrapay API and displays
   it as a barcode on their smart device

> 2. Merchant scans the barcode, optionally checks for support using the

Reviewer: Ditto, can we point them to the specific endpoint they should use to check for support?

>    [Scanned Codes][] endpoints for additional information on the customer, and then

Reviewer: I'm not sure what is meant by `additional information on the customer` here. We do not get information about the customer from the Scanned code endpoints. Should this mention something about discounts?

>    [Scanned Codes][] endpoints for additional information on the customer, and then

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   [Scanned Codes][] endpoints for additional information on the patron, and then
```

>    [creates a Payment Request][] via Centrapay API with the Patron Code as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   [creates a Payment Request][] via Centrapay API with the barcode as a
```

   parameter.
3. Customer device [fetches the payment request] created with the Patron Code and completes
   payment as normal.

### Static Patron Barcode

> This is a Variant on Dynamic Patron Code. If you've setup long lived Centrapay

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This is a variant on Dynamic Patron Code. If you've setup a long lived Centrapay
```

Enabled Barcode then you can use these to pay on behalf of a Customer. You may
need to check a Customer's Photo ID before this goes through.

1. Customer presents a Centrapay Enabled Barcode and it is scanned by the Merchant.

> 2. Merchant checks the barcode for support using the [Scanned Codes][] endpoints.

Reviewer: Shall we be specific here and point them to the decode endpoint?

3. Merchant then [creates a Payment Request][] using the barcode as a parameter.

> 4. Merchant [polls for the Payment Request][] created with the Patron Code checking the status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Merchant [polls for the Payment Request][] created with the barcode checking the status.
```
